but I am very critical in that sense
on the subject of so many songs so much from the
chest taking the children to where he is
singing because there in the United States he
has taken to many programs I
was watching him on tiktok not like he has
taken to many programs to sing
the father's song to criticize the
father and I do not defend Piqué
I do not like Piqué either Piqué
for example he takes him to this show he
has with ibai soccer and in front of
the children they are doing cenarios
I also do not like them Neither of the
two but it is true that
Shakira is more protected because she has
many followers she has many fans you know
that
I have spoken about Shakira on
television in the United States Yes but
especially when I speak almost every
day as a correspondent in the United States
for Mediaset in the Mediaset programs
there for Spain you continue no yes yes I
continue as a correspondent for Mediaset
here which is something that I love because
despite the fact that it is something that causes me
terrible stress because I am here involved
in the production of my program because
apart from being one of the hosts I am
producer programs
day by day and suddenly they call me at
noon please in fifteen
minutes Tell me about the latest thing that just
happened with Shakira So I go
to the bathroom and I do my hair like this and I put on
any shirt and I put the camera
like I'm putting it now in my
office and I connect but imagine in the
middle of stress there are times when I'm
doing my program in the United States and I
tell them please give me way in six
minutes that I'm going to commercials and in
commercials I go to my dressing room I connect
and I return to mine I mean you don't love yourself
with this nobody knows and
Ah well so I make a lot of
comments about Shakira and now I've
realized Yesterday I realized that there is
a brutal campaign of mine on tiktok
I say about Shakira and then they have put an
image put they have put like phrases that I have
said about Shakira that I love her
madly because she is an artist that
I have listened to a thousand times wherever I
am and But it seems that There are certain
comments that I have made about what
she did judging what she has already done and what she has
already done because I have every right to
do so because I am  gossip journalist
and there's a campaign against me
that you put Alex Rodriguez Shakira on
tiktok and it appears we're going to veto it we don't
want to see it they are very radical The
followers are very very very fanatic let's
see what is understood in the end I think that so
many, I mean when they are artists without so
so great there are people who love them
above any mistake or anything you
see you understand that there are people who spend time
criticizing but while it is a
criticism with respect no So
to her own team that Shakira said the other
day even her own team went to
her and said Hey don't do it this is not
going to open anything well for you don't release that
song with bizarrap and even so She said
Yes I'm going to release it or in other words in the end her
team saw that it was something that was not going to be
good for her and I feel that no
that despite how great she is that I
love you I repeat it to you I
feel that there are things that she did that
are not necessary and that well already
cousin obviously the wanting to
do it The wanting to send that message The
wanting to monetize and very well over there
but and she released more she released more songs, I mean I don't
even know how many there have been between there are
some that are with digs and others that are
dedicated but I think that
people have gotten the message But oh well
Yes I think that she's not turning the page
now now in fact something else has happened they've
reopened an
investigation into her for another case of
tax issues and Treasury issues let's see
what she says now but come on I think she's got it
complicated I think she's got it
complicated
the news came last Thursday
last Thursday I had to be with
Shakira at some awards shows in Puerto Rico
which are the youth awards organized by
Univision which is organized by the television station
I work for and just
last Thursday the news was Hey I'm going to
do a special on the awards
Shakira is going to be in Puerto Rico we're going to take
advantage of it to ask her to
congratulate her for everything she was
achieving and just
bad luck that in the morning they
call me Telecinco and they tell me Hey they're going to
investigate her for the
Treasury exercises of 2018 in addition to the ones she
already had and it's another procedure and yes and what
I  He made it so that in the end the
press couldn't get too close to
Shakira that day, of course. Surely, she would have
known beforehand, obviously.
Well, no, no, lie, lie. I was also
going to tell you that the logical thing is that you didn't know
beforehand, but apparently it has been
leaked to the press that
Yonana Rosa intervened with them on Thursday, I think it was because she and her own lawyers.
I told them that because I think she had already
been in Barcelona that same
week. Last week she was in
Barcelona and it
was the race or it had been leaked
somewhere that she had gone to visit her lawyer
and that's why I understood that she would have
told him but I don't think there is a
statement from the prosecutor's office where they say
that and I think that the colleagues from the
program La Rosa said as if they
had found out from the press, as if it
had entered their stomachs, that it
is something a little strong, no